docs/README_nuget.md, before:

# WYSIWG in the Umbraco Backoffice
### WysiwgUmbracoCommunityExtensions

[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/Umbraco.Community.WysiwgUmbracoCommunityExtensions?color=cc9900)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Umbraco.Community.WysiwgUmbracoCommunityExtensions/)
[![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/Umbraco.Community.WysiwgUmbracoCommunityExtensions?color=0273B3)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Umbraco.Community.WysiwgUmbracoCommunityExtensions)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/idseefeld/Wysiwg.Umbraco.Community.Extensions?color=8AB803)](https://github.com/idseefeld/Wysiwg.Umbraco.Community.Extensions/blob/main/LICENSE)

This package was created with the [***Opinionated Umbraco Package Starter Template***](https://github.com/idseefeld/opinionated-package-starter) based on the official [*Umbraco Extensions*](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco-CMS/tree/contrib/templates/UmbracoExtension) template and gives you a starting point with additional examples for advanced Block Grid views within the backoffice.

![Screenshot: backoffice vs frontend](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/16674277-1a42-414a-a100-62b32811ac50)

### Final Notes
The Version of this package is related to minimum Umbraco version. For example, if the package is compatible with Umbraco 15.3.0, the version of the package will be 15.3.0.<br>
New versions of the package will be released as soon as the minimum Umbraco version is updated.<br>
Patch versions will be released for bug fixes and minor changes independently of the Umbraco version.

Commit message:

update readme, remove screenshot because domains for images are quite limited for nuget packages.

docs/README_nuget.md, after:

# WYSIWG in the Umbraco Backoffice
### WysiwgUmbracoCommunityExtensions

[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/Umbraco.Community.WysiwgUmbracoCommunityExtensions?color=cc9900)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Umbraco.Community.WysiwgUmbracoCommunityExtensions/)
[![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/Umbraco.Community.WysiwgUmbracoCommunityExtensions?color=0273B3)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Umbraco.Community.WysiwgUmbracoCommunityExtensions)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/idseefeld/Wysiwg.Umbraco.Community.Extensions?color=8AB803)](https://github.com/idseefeld/Wysiwg.Umbraco.Community.Extensions/blob/main/LICENSE)

This package was created with the [***Opinionated Umbraco Package Starter Template***](https://github.com/idseefeld/opinionated-package-starter) based on the official [*Umbraco Extensions*](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco-CMS/tree/contrib/templates/UmbracoExtension) template and gives you a starting point with additional examples for advanced Block Grid views within the backoffice.

### Wiki
You find more details in the project [Wiki](https://github.com/idseefeld/Wysiwg.Umbraco.Community.Extensions/wiki).

### Final Notes
The Version of this package is related to minimum Umbraco version. For example, if the package is compatible with Umbraco 15.3.0, the version of the package will be 15.3.0.<br>
New versions of the package will be released as soon as the minimum Umbraco version is updated.<br>
Patch versions will be released for bug fixes and minor changes independently of the Umbraco version.
